       <p>
           1. Use of Web Site on These Conditions
All use of the web www.lakomoe.com is on the terms and conditions below. If you do not agree to these conditions cease use of the Site immediately.You may print and keep a copy of these terms. They are a legal agreement between us and can only be modified with our consent. We reserve the right to change the terms at our discretion by changing them on the Site. Goods or services available for purchase, gift of barter on the Site, such as gift bookings and shopping are provided by our partners and comprise a contract between the user and our partner. Although lakomoe uses its reasonable endeavours to ensure reputable suppliers are used on the Site it accepts no liability arising from supplies by such partners. All such transactions are on the terms and conditions of the partner and the user which may be accessed from the Site. The user is responsible for reviewing and accepting the terms and conditions of each partner before making a booking. Because the contract is made between the user and partner, any questions or complaints should be made to the partner direct. To cancel or amend a transaction, you must contact the partner direct.<br>
2. Accuracy of Information
Lokomoe.com do our best to ensure all information on the Site is accurate. If you find any inaccurate information on the Site let us know and we will correct it, where we agree, as soon as practicable. You should independently verify any information before relying upon it. We make no representations that information is accurate and up to date or complete and accept no liability for any loss or damage caused by inaccurate information. This Site contains a large amount of data and there will inevitably be errors in it, particularly because dates and times of events change and cancellations occur. You are advised to check directly with the organisers of the event concerned before making any arrangements.<br>
3. Our Liability
We provide information on this Site free of any access charge and on the basis of no liability for the information given. In no event shall we be liable to you for any direct or indirect or consequential loss, loss of profit, revenue or good will arising from your use of the Site or information on the Site. All terms implied by law are excluded, except that we accept liability for death or personal injury caused by negligence and responsibility for fraudulent misrepresentation that cannot, under English law, be excluded. We are a distributor (and not a publisher) of content supplied by third parties and users of the Site. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information or content expressed or made available by third parties, including information providers, or users, are those of the authors or distributors and not of us. We do not necessarily endorse nor are we responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, advice or statement made on the Site.<br>
4. Barring From the Site
We reserve the right to bar users from the Site on a permanent or temporary basis at our discretion. Any such user shall be notified and must not then attempt to use the Site under any other name or through any other user.<br>
5. Legal Jurisdiction and Dispute Resolution
English law shall apply to these terms, notwithstanding the jurisdiction where you are based. You irrevocably agree that the courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute which may arise out of, under, or in connection with these Terms and for those purposes irrevocably submit all disputes to the jurisdiction of the English courts. The place of performance shall be England.<br>
6. General
Any formal legal notices should be sent to us at the address at the end of these Terms by email confirmed by post. Failure by us to enforce a right does not result in waiver of such right. You may not assign or transfer your rights under this agreement.<br>
Further Information
Lakomoe.com is a private own company offering  online service to its subscribers. It financed by membership subscriptions, commercial activity and advertising.<br>
Lakomoe contact details:
Lakomoe.com
mpleh@hotmail.com

www.lakomoe.com


        
          </p>     
 